Code reviews (#503)
tuist/tuist: docs/contribution/code-reviews.md

**👀 Readability:** Does the code express its intention clearly?
If you need to spend a bunch of time figuring out what the code does,
the code implementation needs to be improved.
Suggest splitting the code into smaller abstractions that are easier to understand.
Alternative, and as a last resource,
they can add a comment explaining the reasoning behind it.
Ask yourself if you'd be able to understand the code in a near future,
without any surrounding context like the pull request description.

**🌱 Small pull request:** Large pull requests are hard to review and it's easier to miss out details.
If a pull request and unmanageable,
suggest the author to break it down.

**📦 Consistency:** It's important that the changes are consistent with the rest of the project.
Inconsistencies complicate maintenance, and therefore we should avoid them.
If there's an approach to output messages to the user,
or report errors,
we should stick to that.
If the author disagrees with the project's standards,
suggest them to open an issue where we can discuss them further.

**✅ Tests:** Tests allow changing code with confidence.
The code on pull requests should be tested,

> and tests should be good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and all tests should pass.
```

A good test is a test that consistently produces the same result and that it's easy to understand and maintain.
Reviewers spend most of the review time in the implementation code,
but tests are equally important because they are code too.

> **⚠️ Breaking changes:** Breaking changes are a bad user experience from Tuist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**⚠️ Breaking changes:** Breaking changes are a bad user experience for users of Tuist.
```

Contributions should avoid introducing breaking changes unless it's strictly necessary.

> There are many language feature that we can leverage to evolve the interface of Tuist without resorting to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many language features that we can leverage to evolve the interface of Tuist without resorting to a breaking change.
```

> Whether a change is breaking or not might not be obvious.

Reviewer: We could also suggest to check changes against the fixtures to ensure old manifests are still compatible.

It requires putting ourselves in the user's shoes and imagine how the changes would impact them.

**📝 Documentation:** As the project grows and we continue to add more features,
keeping the documentation up to date is crucial for developers to adopt them.
Moreover,
it's a very valuable asset for new adopters that are giving Tuist a try.

> Pull request that change the user interface of Tuist,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests that change the user interface of Tuist,
```

for example adding support for a new argument,
must include documentation.

> **📝 Changelog:** The `CHANGELOG.md` file to put together a list of changes that are released with new versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**📝 Changelog:** The `CHANGELOG.md` file contains a list of changes that are released with new versions.
```
